Scale with keda (#205)
kyma-project/examples: scale-to-zero-with-keda/README.md

## Overview

> This example demostrates a very useful setup utilising 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates a handy setup utilizing: 
```
Can you provide more info about the setup? What does it set up exactly?

>  - Functions to deploy workloads directly from git repository,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Functions to deploy workloads directly from a Git repository,
```

 - In-cluster Eventing to enable event-driven communication, 

>  - [Keda](https://keda.sh/) to drive Function scaling,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Keda](https://keda.sh/) to drive the Function's scaling,
```

 - Prometheus and Istio to deliver metrics essential for scaling decisions.

It realises the following scenario:

![scenario](./assets/scaling-scenario.png "Scenario")

> The proxy Function receives incomming http trafic and with every request it publishes the payload as incluster event to a particular topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proxy Function receives the incoming HTTP traffic, and with every request, it publishes the payload as an in-cluster event to a particular topic.
```

> The second Function ( the actual worker ) is subscribed to the topic and processes incomming  messages. But until there are no messages published for it's subscribed topic it remains scaled to zero - there are no actual worker Pods living in the runitme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second Function (the actual worker) is subscribed to the topic and processes the incoming messages. Until there are no messages published for its subscribed topic, it remains scaled to zero - there are no actual worker Pods living in the runtime.
```

> Keda is used to scale the worker Function. [KEDA Prometheus scaler](https://keda.sh/docs/2.8/scalers/prometheus/) is used to measure the load targeted for the worker's Function and scale it accordingly ( from 0 to 5 replicas )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keda is used to scale the worker Function. [KEDA Prometheus scaler](https://keda.sh/docs/2.8/scalers/prometheus/) is used to measure the load targeted for the worker Function and scale it accordingly (from 0 to 5 replicas).
```

## Prerequisites

- Kyma as the target deployment environment.

## Installation

> Run the following against your kyma runtime to install KEDA:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following against your Kyma runtime to install KEDA:
```
What do you mean by `run against`?

```bash
kubectl apply -f https://github.com/kedacore/keda/releases/download/v2.8.0/keda-2.8.0.yaml
```

> Make sure istio sidecar injection is enabled in the target namesapce:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure istio sidecar injection is enabled in the target Namesapce:
```

```bash

> kubectl label ns default istio-injection=enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
kubectl label namespace default istio-injection=enabled
```

```

Apply the example resources from `./k8s-resources` directory:
```bash
kubectl apply -f ./k8s-resources`
```

## Test the application

At first the worker Function is scaled down.

> When listing HPA for the Function you will see that current replica count is at zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When listing HPA for the Function, you will see that the current replica count is zero.
```

 ```bash
kubectl get hpa
NAME                               REFERENCE                     TARGETS             MINPODS   MAXPODS   REPLICAS   AGE
keda-hpa-worker-fn-scaled-object   Function/scalable-worker-fn   <unknown>/2 (avg)   1         5         0          27h

 ```

>  Also, when listing Pods by Function name label you will see only the build job's Pod. No runtime Pod is up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Also, when listing Pods by Function name label, you will see only the build job's Pod. No runtime Pod is up.
```

 ```bash
kubectl get pods -l serverless.kyma-project.io/function-name=scalable-worker-fn -w
NAME                                   READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
scalable-worker-fn-build-7s4rf-wjhvt   0/1     Completed   0          2m16s
 ```

> Once you generate a load ( even a single request ) the non-zero request rate targeting the worker Function will trigger scaling up of the worker Function's runtime Pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you generate a load (even a single request), the non-zero request rate targeting the worker Function triggers scaling up of the worker Function's runtime Pods.
```

>  Call the http proxy Function once 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Call the HTTP proxy Function once:
```

 ```bash
 curl -H "Content-Type: application/cloudevents+json" -X POST -d '{"foo":"bar"}' https://incoming.{your_cluster_domain}
 ```

> The message will be pushed to the kyma eventing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The message is pushed to the Kyma Eventing.
```

> Ofcourse it takes time to scale up a Function from zero. But no message will be lost as eventing will retry delivering message to subscriber until it is eventually consumed bu a running worker Pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It takes time to scale up a Function from zero. But no message is lost as Eventing retries delivery of the message to the subscriber until a running worker Pod eventually consumes it.
```

> Observe worker Function scaling up from 0. You will notice by watching Function Pods or HPA.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe worker Function scaling up from zero. You can notice it by watching Function Pods or HPA.
```

NAME                                   READY   STATUS      RESTARTS   AGE
scalable-worker-fn-build-k94qz-ntjmn   0/1     Completed   0          32s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     Pending     0          0s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     Pending     0          0s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     Init:0/1    0          0s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     Init:0/1    0          0s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     Init:0/1    0          1s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     PodInitializing   0          2s
scalable-worker-fn-2n269-6f6d5f675-t6nwr   0/2     Running           0          7s
```
```bash
kubectl get hpa -w                                                        
NAME                               REFERENCE                     TARGETS             MINPODS   MAXPODS   REPLICAS   AGE
keda-hpa-worker-fn-scaled-object   Function/scalable-worker-fn   <unknown>/2 (avg)   1         5         0          27h
keda-hpa-worker-fn-scaled-object   Function/scalable-worker-fn   0/2 (avg)           1         5         1          27h
```

> Observe that the payload was eventually processed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Observe that the payload was eventually processed.
```

> See in the worker's Function logs that `Processing ... {"foo":"bar"}` eventually appears:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the worker Function logs. `Processing ... {"foo":"bar"}` eventually appears:
```

 ```bash
kubectl logs -l serverless.kyma-project.io/function-name=scalable-worker-fn -f
> nodejs16-runtime@0.1.0 start
> node server.js

user code loaded in 0sec 0.783514ms
Processing ...
{"foo":"bar"}

 ```
 

>  If the trafic stops, the worker Function will be scaled down back to zero replicas (after a configurable cooldown period)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If the traffic stops, the worker Function is scaled down back to zero replicas (after a configurable cooldown period)
```

>  If you generate a much higher load (for example > 2 req/sec - as configured in the threshold value of the scaledObject) you will observe scaling up to more replicas. One replica should be added for each additional 2req/sec measured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you generate a much higher load, for example,> 2 req/sec - as configured in the threshold value of the scaledObject, you will observe scaling up to more replicas. One replica should be added for each additional 2req/sec measured. 
```
